# Information about the limitations surrounding the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania Web Portal

All this information comes from: https://ujsportal.pacourts.us/CaseSearch. At the bottom of the page is a drop down box which says *Additional Info*, and that is where all this information came from.

1. Recent entries made in the court filing offices may not be immediately reflected on these docket sheets.

2. Neither the courts of the Unified Judicial System of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania nor the Administrative Office of Pennsylvania Courts assumes any liability for inaccurate or delayed data, errors or omissions on these docket sheets.

3. On April 1, 2012, AOPC implemented a new protocol in its Magisterial District Judge System to ensure that when the official paper case records of an individual case have been or should have been destroyed in accordance with the Record Retention and Disposition Schedule with Guidelines (“Schedule”) promulgated pursuant to Pa.R.J.A. No. 507 that the public web docket sheet for the case will no longer be accessible. These actions are consistent with the Schedule’s purpose to implement record disposition consistently throughout the UJS. Therefore, destruction of the official record pursuant to the Schedule will also result in the electronic case record information regarding the record no longer being accessible to the public.

   1. We have already seen some instances of this where our scraper will have collected information about a case which no longer appears when you search for it, and the PDF link loads a blank page. When we do our analysis, we will have to make note of how many of these cases wound up being sealed, purged, or otherwise removed. Looking the Record Retention and Disposition Schedule, it outlines how long information about certain types of cases should be stored. For criminal cases, it says 7 years. I am not sure why we have some records older than 7 years, then.

4. When a search of cases from Philadelphia County is conducted, the search results will include all applicable Philadelphia Municipal Court (MC) and Court of Common Pleas (CP) cases. In Philadelphia County, MC has initial jurisdiction in processing every criminal arrest in Philadelphia and conducts misdemeanor trials and preliminary hearings for all felony cases. Therefore, some cases, such as those involving felony offenses, will initially be filed in MC but will be adjudicated in the CP. Thus, some cases will have both a MC and CP docket number that concern the same incident or offenses. To determine if a MC case has a related CP case (or vice versa), please review the **cross court docket number** field appearing on the web docket sheet (see page one in the case information section). Specifically, if a MC case has a corresponding CP case, the CP case docket number will most often be set forth as the cross court docket number on the web docket sheet for the MC. Similarly, if a CP case has a corresponding MC case, the MC case docket number will most often be set forth as the cross court docket number on the CP case web docket sheet.

5. [This links](https://ujsportal.pacourts.us/resource/lib/CPCMSCaseLoad.pdf) to a PDF which shows when each county began to process cases completely digitally using the Unified Judicial System of Pennsylvania Web Portal. This is very important because it allows us to figure out when for each county we will have complete data on every case. It also details how far back in time the county went in migrating old cases into the new system, and it details how many cases were migrated. Cases prior to the county going digital will most likely not be used due to the simple fact that we cannot be certain they represent a complete set of all cases. We are not sure how cases were selected for migration so there could be bias or some sort of selection effect happening which would determine the cases we were seeing and thus taint any analyses we would conduct.
